I put my hear you got this collaboration here,
Walking randomly, walking together,
Happy messing around?
Of course I’m happy to use it. Mr. Cheng is taking pictures of Zuo Li,
It must have been a very unforgettable encounter, right?
You slowly pretend to be the same,
I listen to the night and have become a good friend who is not set to pay you.
Don't worry, take a picture, you didn't remember that you are good.
Shoot, it will be in front of the deputy left,
Multiple ways to handle your little bell,
Is anything wrong?
My brother, what's going on? Let's go.
Don't blame me for not reminding you Mr. Shen
I still made your promise
But let you still know you
I, Mr. Shen, also know you
You're just finished
Everyone, look at you
This time I won the cooperation here
Is it because of merit?
The vice president said that he was rewarded by Shen Ming on his own
I announced in advance
Shen Fenyue's right hand, the far palace, happened to be affected by Li's intention.
It’s not as good as me to see so many
But you can't always trust it
I've arranged everything
Very good at singing too
Xiao Ming, keep up the good work
Thank you, are you ready?
I'm coming out to see someone